Rework two-fer documentation (#2204)
exercism/problem-specifications: exercises/two-fer/introduction.md

# Introduction

In some English accents, when you say "two for" quickly, it sounds like "two fer".
Two-for-one is a way of saying that if you buy one, you also get one for free.
So the phrase "two-fer" often implies a two-for-one offer.

> Imagine a bakery that has a Valentine's Day offer where you can buy two cookies for the price of one ("two-fer one!").

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Imagine a bakery that has a special opening day offer where you can buy two cookies for the price of one ("two-fer one!").
```

Reviewer: I am probably being overly picky here, but Valentine's Day isn't universally celebrated.
Other options might be birthday or holiday - or even a day of the week.

Reviewer 2: I like "special holiday offer"

Author: Yepp, I don't feel strongly. How about "holiday offer"?

> You've gone for the offer and (very generously) decided to share the extra cookie with a friend.

Reviewer 2: Agree with both. Thanks.
